ECC Contributor Agreement

This Contributor Agreement ("Agreement") applies to your contribution of any
software, documentation, or other materials to any project ("project")
established or managed by ZeroCoin Electric Coin Company LLC (dba Electric Coin
Company) ("ECC", "we", "us" or "our") and establishes the intellectual property
rights you grant to ECC in your contribution.

Please read this Agreement carefully. If you agree to this Agreement, please
complete and sign the Agreement below. We suggest you also keep a copy of this
Agreement for your records.

1. Please provide your information below. If you are making a contribution
individually, the term "you" refers to the individual identified below. If you
are making a contribution on behalf of a company or other entity, "you" will
also mean the company or entity you identify below.

Your name:

Your GitHub handle:
	
Company/entity name (if applicable):
	
Your mailing address:
	
Your telephone:
	
Your preferred email:
	
The term "contribution" means any software, documentation, materials, or other
work of authorship, including any modifications or additions to any existing
software, documentation, materials, or other work, that you submit to ECC in
any form, including electronic, verbal, or written.

2. You grant to ECC, and recipients of any contributions distributed by ECC,
the following rights and licenses:

 a. A perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, fully
 sublicensable, irrevocable right and license to reproduce, prepare
 derivative works of, display, perform, sublicense, and distribute and make
 available any contributions and such derivative works.
 
 b. A perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, fully
 sublicensable, irrevocable[ (except as stated in this section)] right and
 license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import, transfer and
 otherwise practice any contributions, in whole or in part, alone or in
 combination with or included in any other contributions or any other
 software, documentation, materials, or works. If any entity institutes
 patent litigation against you or any other entity (including a cross-claim
 or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that one of your contributions, or
 any work to which you have contributed, constitutes direct or contributory
 patent infringement, then any patent licenses granted to that entity under
 this Agreement for that contribution or work shall terminate as of the date
 such litigation is filed.

You also agree that you will not assert any moral rights in any contribution
against us, our licensees or transferees. The rights in this Section are
effective on the date a contribution is first submitted to us, even if the
submission took place before the date you agree to this Agreement. Except as
stated in this Section, as between you and us, you keep all right, title, and
interest in your contribution.

3. You represent and warrant to ECC that: (a) each of your contributions is
your original creation; (b) you are legally entitled to make your contributions
and grant the above rights and licenses to ECC; and (c) you have (or will
obtain) any permissions, whether from your employer and any other entity or
individual, necessary to make your contributions and grant the above rights and
licenses to ECC. You will provide ECC with complete details of any third-party
license or other restrictions (including intellectual property restrictions) of
which you are aware and which are associated with any part of your
contributions. You agree to notify ECC of any facts or circumstances of which
you become aware that would make these representations inaccurate in any
respect.

4. This Agreement is governed by the laws of the State of Colorado (USA) and
applicable U.S. Federal law. Any choice of law rules will not apply. All issues
or disputes involving this Agreement will be brought in a court in Denver,
Colorado (USA), or any court having jurisdiction over those courts, and each
party irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction and venue of those courts.

You hereby accept and agree to this Agreement for all of your present and
future contributions.

Name:
	
Signature:
	
Date:
